V4.9.0 (#375)
hCaptcha/hcaptcha-wordpress-plugin: changelog.txt

= 4.9.0 =
* Added LearnPress integration.
* Added Tutor LMS integration.
* Added compatibility with Ninja Forms v3.8.22.
* Added the ability to install plugins and themes from the Integrations page.

> * Added comparison with reCAPTCHA and Turnstile to the Notifications sections on the General page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* Added ability to hide the login errors.

> * Added anonymous collection of IP and User Agent data to conform to GDPR requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added anonymous collection of IP and User Agent data in locally stored analytics to simplify GDPR compliance.
```
